I want to show you one little diagram to finalize this point.
When a function is called an environment is created for the new scope that it enters.
Right.
This little world that it enters that environment has a field that has its own variable environment
but also another place that points to the outer scope and then that outer scope points to its outer
scope until it hits the global scope and the javascript spec actually has this internally where its
bracket bracket or square brackets square brackets scope or scopes.
So let's test out this idea now in Google Chrome developer browser you can actually access this property.
If I create a function here let's just call it a if I go into the window object now and look for a Let's
scroll down there it is by click over here.
I HAVE A FEW THINGS BUT IF I GO DOWN LOOK AT THAT I HAVE SOMETHING CALLED scopes and inside of the Scopes
we have type global.
Why.
Well because the scope of function a that scope is global.
So this is pointing to the outer parent.
So we have our variable environments in function a.
And as soon as we can't find what we're looking for we're going to look inside of scopes to our outer
environment which in this case is the global type which is the window object.
Very very cool.
All right it's time to do a fun little exercise.